[ENG-6125] print warning when eas-cli is installed as dependency (#1310)
expo/eas-cli: packages/eas-cli/README.md

yarn global add eas-cli
```

> ## Enforcing eas-cli version for your project

Author: @brentvatne wdyt?

> If you want to enforce the **eas-cli** version for your project, use the `"cli.version"` field in eas.json. Installing **eas-cli** as your project dependency is strongly discouraged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enforce the `eas-cli` version for your project, use the `"cli.version"` field in **eas.json**. Installing `eas-cli` to your project dependencies is strongly discouraged because it may cause dependency conflicts that are difficult to debug.
```

> An example of `eas.json` that enforces `eas-cli` in version `1.0.0` or newer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of **eas.json** that enforces `eas-cli` in version `1.0.0` or newer:
```
